
      current community <https://blender.stackexchange.com/>

  *
    chat
    <https://chat.stackexchange.com/?tab=site&host=blender.stackexchange.com>

    Blender

    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/>
  *
    Blender Meta

    <https://blender.meta.stackexchange.com/>


      your communities

Sign up
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/signup?ssrc=site_switcher&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fblender.stackexchange.com%2fquestions%2f39125%2fogre-alpha-blend-texture>
or log in
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/login?ssrc=site_switcher&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fblender.stackexchange.com%2fquestions%2f39125%2fogre-alpha-blend-texture>
to customize your list.


      more stack exchange communities <https://stackexchange.com/sites>

company blog

<https://stackoverflow.blog/>
Stack Exchange <https://stackexchange.com/> Inbox <#> Reputation and
Badges <#>
sign up
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/signup?ssrc=head&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fblender.stackexchange.com%2fquestions%2f39125%2fogre-alpha-blend-texture>
log in
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/login?ssrc=head&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fblender.stackexchange.com%2fquestions%2f39125%2fogre-alpha-blend-texture>
tour <https://blender.stackexchange.com/tour> help <#>

  * Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site
    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/tour>
  * Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have
    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/help>
  * Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site
    <https://blender.meta.stackexchange.com/>
  * About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company
    <https://stackoverflow.com/company/about>
  * Business Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us
    <https://www.stackoverflowbusiness.com/?ref=topbar_help>


Blender

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/>

  * Questions

    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions>
  * Tags

    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/tags>
  * Users

    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/users>
  * Badges

    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/help/badges>
  * Unanswered

    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/unanswered>

  * Ask Question

    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/ask>

_
Blender Stack Exchange is a question and answer site for people who use
Blender to create 3D graphics, animations, or games. Join them; it only
takes a minute:

Sign up
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/signup?ssrc=hero&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fblender.stackexchange.com%2fquestions%2f39125%2fogre-alpha-blend-texture>

*Here's how it works:

*

 1. Anybody can ask a question
 2. Anybody can answer
 3. The best answers are voted up and rise to the top


  Ogre: Alpha-Blend Texture
  <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/39125/ogre-alpha-blend-texture>

No problem. We won't show you that ad again. Why didn't you like it?

  * Uninteresting
  * Misleading
  * Offensive
  * Repetitive
  * Other

Oops! I didn't mean to do this. <#>

up vote

2 down vote

favorite

<#>
**
	

I'm using MakeHuman and Blender for modelling, and I'm using Ogre to
display my model. There is nothing wrong with the way I load into Ogre
(make an entity from the .mesh file).

*Most Recent Update:*

I have solved the issues mentioned below with my model's eyelashes,
hair, and eyebrows. I must keep all materials separate instead of
combining the textures into one if I want the "further" pixels to show
through the closer transparent ones. However, I am still having one issue.

Now that I am using separate materials for different parts of my mesh,
my model's eyes are white or black (AGAIN) depending on the type of |scene_blend| I choose in the eye material's pass or the texture unit's |colour_op|.

I have figured out WHY it is doing this - there is a transparent layer
being drawn over the eyes as white (or black) which is supposed to
represent the cornea - but I don't know how to fix it.

I know I can unwrap the UV for the mesh before joining them in blender
and correct it that way, but I'd have to do this for every model I make
using MakeHuman. Besides, the eyes were showing up just fine when I was
using the combined texture I made (look below at picture).

I'm assuming since the eyes showed fine before, there has to be a way
for the blending to show them correctly. However, I have tried many |scene_blend| and |colour_op| combinations.

Does anybody else know what might be different with the material this
time, causing the transparent part of the texture to do this?

--End Updated Question--

Here's what I have done so far:

 1. Create model in MakeHuman (v1.1.0) and export as .mhx2
 2. Import model in Blender (2.7) with defaults. It shows up as many
    meshes - each with their own material, UV map, and texture. I didn't
    want a bunch of materials and meshes when I export it - I just want
    one .mesh file for Ogre, so
 3. I used Gimp to combine all the textures into one, side by side. I
    then moved each mesh's UV map to correspond to the correct location
    on the new texture. UV Map Reassignment
    <https://i.stack.imgur.com/ct7nG.png>
 4. Just to be sure this worked, I linked every material to the same
    texture (the newly created one) and rendered. This worked fine.
 5. I joined all of the meshes into one to get one spread out UV map
    (before doing it this way I got an overlapped one, which is why I
    followed this procedure this time). This gave me multiple materials
    for the one mesh, and each material was linked to the same texture.
    The only differences between the different materials are their
    levels of ambience etc.
 6. I tried using each material for rendering(and deleting all the
    rest), and though some are more reflective than others, they look
    basically the same on rendering.

So at this point, I came to the conclusion that any material should work
just fine. However, when I export to a .mesh, .material, and .skeleton
file and load it into Ogre, the hair has gray streaks in the front and
the eyes and eyebrows are gray. This happens no matter which material I
keep and which ones I delete.

I don't know what could possibly be the problem, but all I can think is
that it might be related to the way the different meshes were UV mapped.

*Additional info that might help:*

I also tried baking to auto-generate my texture for me. I actually tried
this before just combining the textures in Gimp. When I created a new
material and used texture baking(with or without UV unwrapping of
different kinds), the same thing happened in Blender - the gray eyes etc
but the rest rendered correctly. The weird thing is, when I made a
texture using Full Render baking, the eyes actually showed up in render
in Blender and in Ogre for that material. The only problem is, I can't
get the right even lighting to bake. Even with a constant light source,
the part of the eyes covered by eyelids (and other covered pieces) came
out black on the texture.

*Update:*

I tried exporting a larger MakeHuman model (using inches instead of
decimeters for units) and following the same steps. I now see the eyes'
texture...perhaps the model was too small? the eyelashes, hair, and
eyebrows show as partly gray still, and I think the problem is that in
the separate materials, the eyelashes, hair and eyebrows were
"invisible" materials (not sure how) and since I changed to a material
that isn't, I get a gray background. I will now try messing with the
settings of my material.

*Second Update:*

I've figured out that there are some material settings associated with
Ogre that came with the Ogre exporter (ioDotScene), I had just needed to
check the box to get the options (which now show up in the Options panel
at the bottom of the materials tab). Now, my problem is this: I am able
to export my model using alpha_blending for the scene blending, but it
doesn't work. If I set the alpha to 0, my person is invisible, and with
the alpha set to 1, the texture isn't see-through at all where I need it
to be.

I think the reason alpha_blending won't work for me is that I can't get
away with turning "depth write" off. When I do, I get a mesh that's all
inside-out (I can see my person's internal mouth textures and don't see
the hair or eyes).

The ONLY thing that remotely solves my problem is opening the .material
file and manually entering |alpha_rejection greater 64| under the line that says |scene_blend alpha_blend|.

Though it works, there are some problems with that solution:

 1. I don't know that the same alpha number will work every time I
    export a model with transparency,
 2. I don't even know how to begin to edit the export script after
    giving it a once-over, and
 3. |alpha_rejection| doesn't solve it perfectly the way I would like it to, and when I'm
    close to the model's eyes I can still see a little bit of gray.

modeling <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/modeling>
texturing <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/texturing>
materials <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/materials>
export <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/export>
transparency
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/transparency>
share <https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/39125>|improve this question
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/posts/39125/edit>
	
edited Sep 30 '15 at 14:09
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/posts/39125/revisions>
	
asked Sep 26 '15 at 0:50
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/18365/ninetoenerd>
NineToeNerd <https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/18365/ninetoenerd>
315

	
	

add a comment |  <#>


    1 Answer 1

active

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/39125/ogre-alpha-blend-texture?answertab=active#tab-top>
oldest

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/39125/ogre-alpha-blend-texture?answertab=oldest#tab-top>
votes

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/39125/ogre-alpha-blend-texture?answertab=votes#tab-top>

up vote

2 down vote

accepted
	

I'm going to leave this here in case others have similar issues to the
one I have faced.

Here's what I figured out to keep transparency working correctly in all
textures and materials used for Ogre:

 1. Leave materials /separate/ (or at least the ones using a texture
    with transparency).
 2. Enable the Ogre export tools by choosing |File -> Export -> Ogre3D| in Blender and checking the box in the top toolbar that says "Ogre".
 3. Go to the Object Properties of your model in Blender.
 4. Scroll to the bottom of the Materials tab with your material
    selected, and select |alpha_blend| in the drop-down menu for |scene_blend|ing. /Hint: It should have |one zero| selected by default./
 5. Either un-check transparency or make sure it has the alpha you want
    your material to have(I use 1.0 for all of mine - opaque material
    with transparent parts).
 6. Check |guru options|
 7. Un-check |depth write| (but don't un-check |depth check|)
 8. Scroll to the bottom of the texture tab, with the material still
    selected and un-check the box to the very right of the drop-down
    menu that says |mix|. For this step I have a picture. (Look at the only box checked in
    the texture tab, you want to un-check that) Where to find texture
    alpha setting <https://i.stack.imgur.com/3f2QB.png> /You will know
    you did this correctly because the text |alpha_blend:| should change to |modulate:|/
    Note: Step 8 is optional and may not improve every texture you use,
    but it will improve some. It didn't make any of my textures look
    worse at all, though.
 9. Repeat steps 4-8 for each of your materials with transparency.

*Note that this will completely mess your model's transparency up in
Blender, so you may want to save your project beforehand if you will be
using it for other engines besides Ogre. This is the only way I have
found to make the settings in Blender show the correct transparency in
Ogre.*

If you are writing your own .material file and having problems with
transparency, just remember:

 1. In the |pass| of your |technique| you will need |depth_write off| and |scene_blend alpha_blend|.
 2. Some textures may be improved by blending with the scene better if
    you add |colour_op modulate| to your |texture_unit| (Otherwise, you should use |colour_op alpha_blend|).
 3. If you are seeing your background instead of your texture, make sure
    in your |pass| you have the material's alpha set to 1.0.

share <https://blender.stackexchange.com/a/39356>|improve this answer
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/posts/39356/edit>
	
edited Oct 1 '15 at 14:37
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/posts/39356/revisions>
	
answered Sep 30 '15 at 22:10
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/18365/ninetoenerd>
NineToeNerd <https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/18365/ninetoenerd>
315

	
	

add a comment |  <#>


    Your Answer

  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
  *
*

 
draft saved
draft discarded


      Sign up or log in
      <https://blender.stackexchange.com/users/login?ssrc=question_page&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fblender.stackexchange.com%2fquestions%2f39125%2fogre-alpha-blend-texture%23new-answer>

Sign up using Google

Sign up using Facebook

Sign up using Email and Password


      Post as a guest

Name

Email

discard <#>

By posting your answer, you agree to the privacy policy
<http://stackexchange.com/legal/privacy-policy> and terms of service
<http://stackexchange.com/legal/terms-of-service>.


    Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged
    modeling
    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/modeling>
    texturing
    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/texturing>
    materials
    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/materials>
    export <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/export>
    transparency
    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/transparency> or
    ask your own question
    <https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/ask>.

asked

	

*1 year, 8 months ago*

viewed

	

*638 times*

active

	

*17 days ago
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/39125/ogre-alpha-blend-texture?lastactivity>*

No problem. We won't show you that ad again. Why didn't you like it?

  * Uninteresting
  * Misleading
  * Offensive
  * Repetitive
  * Other

Oops! I didn't mean to do this. <#>


        Related

0

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/15106?rq=1>How do I set up a
material with diffuse, normal and alpha (transparency) maps?

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/15106/how-do-i-set-up-a-material-with-diffuse-normal-and-alpha-transparency-maps?rq=1>
7

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/18346?rq=1>Texture mapping with
multiple UV maps

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/18346/texture-mapping-with-multiple-uv-maps?rq=1>
2

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/32450?rq=1>How to separate
texture-alpha without premultiplying the color?

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/32450/how-to-separate-texture-alpha-without-premultiplying-the-color?rq=1>
2

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/35156?rq=1>Alpha textures show only
when selected

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/35156/alpha-textures-show-only-when-selected?rq=1>
1

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/36387?rq=1>Alpha Mask a texture
with a mask having a different UV Map

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/36387/alpha-mask-a-texture-with-a-mask-having-a-different-uv-map?rq=1>
6

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/39994?rq=1>Transparent textures
that allow light to shine through

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/39994/transparent-textures-that-allow-light-to-shine-through?rq=1>
5

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/52187?rq=1>Using alpha data on one
material to mask a texture in another material

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/52187/using-alpha-data-on-one-material-to-mask-a-texture-in-another-material?rq=1>
2

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/53335?rq=1>Do not repeat the
texture on Collada export?

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/53335/do-not-repeat-the-texture-on-collada-export?rq=1>
1

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/70498?rq=1>How to use Blender
Internal to UV map AND Alpha map?

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/70498/how-to-use-blender-internal-to-uv-map-and-alpha-map?rq=1>
1

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/q/77591?rq=1>Transparent Glass
Material not rendering alpha in Blender Internal

<https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/77591/transparent-glass-material-not-rendering-alpha-in-blender-internal?rq=1>


        Hot Network Questions <https://stackexchange.com/questions?tab=hot>

  *
    summer '17 sandbox for a spring '17 org
    <https://salesforce.stackexchange.com/questions/176465/summer-17-sandbox-for-a-spring-17-org>

  *
    Why were the speed records set by seaplanes in the early thirties?
    <https://aviation.stackexchange.com/questions/38429/why-were-the-speed-records-set-by-seaplanes-in-the-early-thirties>

  *
    Are heat maps "one of the least effective types of data
    visualization"?
    <https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/282180/are-heat-maps-one-of-the-least-effective-types-of-data-visualization>

  *
    If the astronauts on Apollo 11 had landed safely on the moon but
    could not take off, would there have been a rescue mission?
    <https://space.stackexchange.com/questions/21614/if-the-astronauts-on-apollo-11-had-landed-safely-on-the-moon-but-could-not-take>

  *
    Power rating on 0 Ω resistor
    <https://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/307728/power-rating-on-0-%ce%a9-resistor>

  *
    Does 'rm files*' remove all matches from all sub-directories?
    <https://askubuntu.com/questions/919812/does-rm-files-remove-all-matches-from-all-sub-directories>

  *
    Is it an insult to my US university to not walk in graduation?
    <https://academia.stackexchange.com/questions/90131/is-it-an-insult-to-my-us-university-to-not-walk-in-graduation>

  *
    Why don't poor people vote in the United States?
    <https://politics.stackexchange.com/questions/19306/why-dont-poor-people-vote-in-the-united-states>

  *
    Is Allah not omnipresent?
    <https://islam.stackexchange.com/questions/40133/is-allah-not-omnipresent>

  *
    Why can't the quadratic formula be simplified?
    <https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/2300647/why-cant-the-quadratic-formula-be-simplified>

  *
    Any number is a combination of powers of 2. If coefficients of those
    powers can be negative, what is the *shortest* combination?
    <https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/2301465/any-number-is-a-combination-of-powers-of-2-if-coefficients-of-those-powers-can>

  *
    Repeat Stream allMatch() until true
    <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/44241290/repeat-stream-allmatch-until-true>

  *
    Why do some sites ask for username/email and password on two
    separate screens?
    <https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/160692/why-do-some-sites-ask-for-username-email-and-password-on-two-separate-screens>

  *
    What does "all your women" mean?
    <https://ell.stackexchange.com/questions/130882/what-does-all-your-women-mean>

  *
    How to show real images instead of crosses in SXA experience editor
    <https://sitecore.stackexchange.com/questions/5910/how-to-show-real-images-instead-of-crosses-in-sxa-experience-editor>

  *
    Why did the Romans change Europe's language, but the barbarians
    didn't?
    <https://history.stackexchange.com/questions/38297/why-did-the-romans-change-europes-language-but-the-barbarians-didnt>

  *
    So… is prostitution in Canada legal or not?
    <https://law.stackexchange.com/questions/19225/so-is-prostitution-in-canada-legal-or-not>

  *
    Where have the designers of 5e said that they favored rulings over
    rules in this edition?
    <https://rpg.stackexchange.com/questions/100544/where-have-the-designers-of-5e-said-that-they-favored-rulings-over-rules-in-this>

  *
    Something wrong with Lettrine (indent ?)
    <https://tex.stackexchange.com/questions/372208/something-wrong-with-lettrine-indent>

  *
    Is an Airbus A319 allowed to fly with a missing flap track fairing?
    <https://aviation.stackexchange.com/questions/38446/is-an-airbus-a319-allowed-to-fly-with-a-missing-flap-track-fairing>

  *
    Is it a Cyclic number?
    <https://codegolf.stackexchange.com/questions/123251/is-it-a-cyclic-number>

  *
    Will my 7yo be seated with me on United Basic Economy?
    <https://travel.stackexchange.com/questions/94078/will-my-7yo-be-seated-with-me-on-united-basic-economy>

  *
    Sword in the rock - make it last the ages
    <https://worldbuilding.stackexchange.com/questions/81722/sword-in-the-rock-make-it-last-the-ages>

  *
    QGIS Invalid Geometry when importing a delimited CSV file
    <https://gis.stackexchange.com/questions/242022/qgis-invalid-geometry-when-importing-a-delimited-csv-file>


question feed <https://blender.stackexchange.com/feeds/question/39125>
lang-py
about us <https://stackoverflow.com/company/about> tour
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/tour> help
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/help> blog
<https://stackoverflow.blog/?blb=1> chat
<https://chat.stackexchange.com/?tab=site&host=blender.stackexchange.com> data
<https://data.stackexchange.com/> legal
<https://stackexchange.com/legal> privacy policy
<https://stackexchange.com/legal/privacy-policy> work here
<https://stackoverflow.com/company/work-here> advertising info
<http://stackexchange.com/mediakit> mobile *contact us
<https://blender.stackexchange.com/contact>* *feedback
<https://blender.meta.stackexchange.com/>*
Technology 	Life / Arts 	Culture / Recreation 	Science 	Other

 1. Stack Overflow <https://stackoverflow.com/>
 2. Server Fault <https://serverfault.com/>
 3. Super User <https://superuser.com/>
 4. Web Applications <https://webapps.stackexchange.com/>
 5. Ask Ubuntu <https://askubuntu.com/>
 6. Webmasters <https://webmasters.stackexchange.com/>
 7. Game Development <https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/>
 8. TeX - LaTeX <https://tex.stackexchange.com/>
 9. Software Engineering <https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/>
10. Unix & Linux <https://unix.stackexchange.com/>
11. Ask Different (Apple) <https://apple.stackexchange.com/>
12. WordPress Development <https://wordpress.stackexchange.com/>

	

 1. Geographic Information Systems <https://gis.stackexchange.com/>
 2. Electrical Engineering <https://electronics.stackexchange.com/>
 3. Android Enthusiasts <https://android.stackexchange.com/>
 4. Information Security <https://security.stackexchange.com/>
 5. Database Administrators <https://dba.stackexchange.com/>
 6. Drupal Answers <https://drupal.stackexchange.com/>
 7. SharePoint <https://sharepoint.stackexchange.com/>
 8. User Experience <https://ux.stackexchange.com/>
 9. Mathematica <https://mathematica.stackexchange.com/>
10. Salesforce <https://salesforce.stackexchange.com/>
11. ExpressionEngine® Answers <https://expressionengine.stackexchange.com/>
12. Cryptography <https://crypto.stackexchange.com/>

	

 1. Code Review <https://codereview.stackexchange.com/>
 2. Magento <https://magento.stackexchange.com/>
 3. Signal Processing <https://dsp.stackexchange.com/>
 4. Raspberry Pi <https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com/>
 5. Programming Puzzles & Code Golf <https://codegolf.stackexchange.com/>
 6. more (7) <https://stackexchange.com/sites#technology>

	

 1. Photography <https://photo.stackexchange.com/>
 2. Science Fiction & Fantasy <https://scifi.stackexchange.com/>
 3. Graphic Design <https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com/>
 4. Movies & TV <https://movies.stackexchange.com/>
 5. Music: Practice & Theory <https://music.stackexchange.com/>
 6. Seasoned Advice (cooking) <https://cooking.stackexchange.com/>
 7. Home Improvement <https://diy.stackexchange.com/>
 8. Personal Finance & Money <https://money.stackexchange.com/>
 9. Academia <https://academia.stackexchange.com/>
10. more (8) <https://stackexchange.com/sites#lifearts>

	

 1. English Language & Usage <https://english.stackexchange.com/>
 2. Skeptics <https://skeptics.stackexchange.com/>
 3. Mi Yodeya (Judaism) <https://judaism.stackexchange.com/>
 4. Travel <https://travel.stackexchange.com/>
 5. Christianity <https://christianity.stackexchange.com/>
 6. English Language Learners <https://ell.stackexchange.com/>
 7. Japanese Language <https://japanese.stackexchange.com/>
 8. Arqade (gaming) <https://gaming.stackexchange.com/>
 9. Bicycles <https://bicycles.stackexchange.com/>
10. Role-playing Games <https://rpg.stackexchange.com/>
11. Anime & Manga <https://anime.stackexchange.com/>
12. Motor Vehicle Maintenance & Repair
    <https://mechanics.stackexchange.com/>
13. more (17) <https://stackexchange.com/sites#culturerecreation>

	

 1. MathOverflow <https://mathoverflow.net/>
 2. Mathematics <https://math.stackexchange.com/>
 3. Cross Validated (stats) <https://stats.stackexchange.com/>
 4. Theoretical Computer Science <https://cstheory.stackexchange.com/>
 5. Physics <https://physics.stackexchange.com/>
 6. Chemistry <https://chemistry.stackexchange.com/>
 7. Biology <https://biology.stackexchange.com/>
 8. Computer Science <https://cs.stackexchange.com/>
 9. Philosophy <https://philosophy.stackexchange.com/>
10. more (3) <https://stackexchange.com/sites#science>

	

 1. Meta Stack Exchange <https://meta.stackexchange.com/>
 2. Stack Apps <https://stackapps.com/>
 3. Area 51 <https://area51.stackexchange.com/>
 4. Stack Overflow Talent <https://www.stackoverflowbusiness.com/talent>

site design / logo © 2017 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions
licensed under cc by-sa 3.0
<https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/> with attribution
required <https://stackoverflow.blog/2009/06/25/attribution-required/>
rev 2017.5.29.26075
